fix user-guide/access-control/idprovider.md (#5219)
DaoCloud/DaoCloud-docs: docs/en/docs/ghippo/user-guide/access-control/idprovider.md

- LDAP

>     LDAP refers to Lightweight Directory Access Protocol (Lightweight Directory Access Protocol), which is often used for single sign-on, that is, users can log in with one account password in multiple services. Global management supports LDAP for identity authentication, so the enterprise IdP that establishes identity authentication with DCE 5.0 through the LDAP protocol must support the LDAP protocol. For a detailed description of LDAP, please refer to: [Welcome to LDAP](https://docs.daocloud.io/en/ghippo/user-guide/access-control/ldap/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    LDAP refers to Lightweight Directory Access Protocol (Lightweight Directory Access Protocol), which is often used for single sign-on, that is, users can log in with one account password in multiple services. Global management supports LDAP for identity authentication, so the enterprise IdP that establishes identity authentication with DCE 5.0 through the LDAP protocol must support the LDAP protocol. For a detailed description of LDAP, please refer to: [Welcome to LDAP](ldap.md).
```
本站的页面，用相对链接
